add doc for zeek runner configuration (#783)
brimsec/brim: docs/Zeek-Customization.md

# Zeek Customization

- [Summary](#summary)
- [Contact us!](#contact-us)
- [Details](#details)

# Summary

Brim uses [Zeek](https://www.zeek.org) to generate Zeek logs from pcaps; the Zeek logs are then combined and stored in
 [ZNG](https://github.com/brimsec/zq/blob/master/zng/docs/spec.md) format. Brim comes with a Zeek bundle
it uses just for this process.

Starting with `v0.10.0`, Brim can be configured to use a Zeek setup other than its default. This may be useful for:

   * Users with an existing Zeek installation, to generate logs in Brim similar to their existing Zeek logs.
   * Users that want to experiment with a Zeek configuration different from the Brim default.
   * Zeek script authors that would like to use Brim as a script development aid.

To use a different Zeek setup, there is now a Brim preference to specify the Zeek "runner", an executable script or 
command run when a pcap import occurs, which launches Zeek to read the pcap's data & write Zeek logs.

> # Contact us!

Reviewer: Feedback: When I was reading this, it was strange to get a Contact us before the Details. Move to the last section?

Reviewer 2: In @alfred-landrum's defense, he seems to be following a pattern I started with https://github.com/brimsec/brim/wiki/Zeek-JSON-Import. Maybe it's a little heavyweight to put it high up in the doc, but I'm a fan of beating the "contact us" drum early & often to really reinforce that we want to talk to people, particularly if they're using these "power user" features.

Author: It's also a less jarring when read on the wiki page than the raw markdown text, btw, since the markdown page shows a table of contents & the 'contact us' section is small.

If you're using a custom Zeek setup with Brim, we'd like to hear from you! Whether you've found an interesting 
Zeek feature that could be useful to other Brim users, or are generating logs that match your existing Zeek setup, 
or (especially) if you hit challenges and need help, please join our
[public Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/brimsec/shared_invite/zt-cy34xoxg-hZiTKUT~1KdGjlaBIuUUdg)
and tell us about it, or
[open an issue](https://github.com/brimsec/brim/wiki/Troubleshooting#opening-an-issue). Thanks!

# Details

Brim uses an executable script or command, called a Zeek "runner", to execute Zeek with any needed environment variables,
command line options, or other configuration. A Brim preference is available to specify the location of the Zeek runner
to use. To use a different Zeek setup to generate logs from pcaps, you should provide a runner that references the
desired Zeek setup.

> Below is the runner used by Linux and macOS for Brim v0.10.0. It's a script located at the top of the builtin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is the runner in Brim v0.10.0 that invokes the included Zeek bundle on Linux and macOS . It's a script located at the top of the builtin
```

> Below is the runner in Brim v0.10.0 that invokes the included Zeek bundle on Linux and macOS . It's a script located at the top of the builtin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is the runner in Brim v0.10.0 that invokes the included Zeek bundle on Linux and macOS. It's a script located at the top of the builtin
```

A stray "space" char slipped through.

Zeek bundle's installation directory, so it refers to the Zeek executable and other paths relative to its own location.
When a user imports a pcap file into Brim, the runner is executed with the pcap's data passed via stdin, and the 
runner's working directory set to the desired output location for the Zeek logs. 

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

dir="$(cd "$(dirname "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}")" >/dev/null 2>&1 && pwd)"

export ZEEKPATH=$dir/share/zeek:$dir/share/zeek/policy:$dir/share/zeek/site

> export ZEEK_PLUGIN_PATH=$dir/lib/zeek/plugins

Reviewer: Nit: quote `$dir`.

Author: will add them here, but then we also need to do the same in the actual runner script!
